Hwang Jeong Min
Seo Ji Seob
Song Jong Ki
Lee Jeong Hyeon Kim Su Ahn
Hey get out!
Hurry up the road!
Keep straight ahead!
Follow it!
Hey! We need to get out of here quickly!
So with that right work!
Do not do strange
things, work fast!
Quick work!
Help me! Help me!
Hey stupid!
do not interfere!
Forgive me. I can not
protect our team.
You are also working fast.
NeXT time, be more careful.
Even though the teacher does not like
it, we will continue to do it again.
do not be told by me, do it because
your heart is telling him.
then everything will be perfect.
though I know it's very difficult
let's get started.
hyung will definitely
come with us right?
until here you remember what the
teacher talked about right?
if you are gone, i will go.
the time began. let's go.
Go.
Be careful, ok.
who will go is a problem
not important. the most important is
how can you go.
this place is very risky to leave.
if you can go once from here,
then you will be free.
if you get caught with a nagasaki
officer, you will not survive.
You must be safe. we must
be free from here alive.
Hey who's that ?!
What are you doing there?
hyung says we should be safe!
Let's get going.
We'll go!
Yamada, these days
are hard to find.
these few days korean people are very
annoying, do we shoot and turn them off?
Battleship Island
Do not rush away. You're handsome
today, no need to go home.
not because of that.
Noisy here.
you do not know who
wants to see you.
this country also knows that
you are the best student
Then if I'm the best student then
lady, want me sold to japan so?
we still have a chance.
I think I'm talking the wrong way, anyway
there are people who want learners like you.
It's stupid of me.
Sir, sir!
How long will you
be at this party?
the children there do not
really like this party.
can not we just
leave them alone?
Why?
You know who's gonna catch them?
my goodness, who did you mean?
they are just plain kids
who do not know anything.
we have to sing for a
while first tonight.
so want it?
You know why I like
party so much?
I understand.
Oh you're here.
you should go inside.
I must hurry back.
quickly tell me your business.
Why? Why? have you found it?
hey fool, if I've found it
I'll have told it to my wife.
hey, let's go!
What do you want now?
of course i like my wife,
but you think it's easy
to earn that much money?
You think it's easy to get
that kind of money so much?
still mending no money to eat.
then you will work with
your son forever like this?
I do not hire him by force!
You know it's not like
not to have a wife how?
the other is easier to get a wife
have you prepared it?
this.
do not like to hire your own children
your child will probably get
traumatized in his old age.
you know even though I
never force you like that.
I know which limitations
take him away to work.
hey listen, if your son is caught by japanese
he can be dragged and carried by them.
You have to be careful
and do not do it often.
I hear you really want to japan huh?
this is one of my
ways to escape.
I say again to bring your son and
Yourself to Japan is an easy matter
if you have money.
Do I also have to believe you?
quickly finish it!
my goodness, you can throw
up in a moment like this.
basic troublesome. making
odors and bad for everyone.
I told you I could not get on the boat,
but you insisted me to keep going up.
now you blame me.
I'm okay. because want how
else place like this.
Oh my goodness I just wanted
the chapter to continue.
are you someone I know?
I'm just a regular student.
that's a danger. can only
internal people enter.
right, unless you have friends
inside the internals might help.
Do you know where this ship is going?
Of course. what do you think
these kids brought here for?
when everyone goes, we
have to catch it yes.
you follow me alone yes. fast.
this is our money
You have to take it yes.
father, where are we going?
what are they doing?
it's important that you follow my father.
it's safe.
is fighting is not it?
is it korea or japanese?
whether it's japanese or korean
but he fights pretty well.
What is this?
Once again you are fuss,
you will all kill me.
What the hell is this jerk talking about?
HEY!
here nobody dare
fight it with me ?!
if you want to fight,
you're on your own.
do not have to involve us.
sorry, but do you
know what justice is?
do you think doing such
a fuss thing is fair?
see?!
You are basic yes!
do not pretend like thugs here.
Why? because what you do
makes everyone here will die
Wait!
Do not fight!
Okay, I understand
you also sit down. I say sit down!
Your arrogance is that weak
I think you dare to die alone
my goodness, she must be
embarrassed to lose to women
once we fight, and they
know we're going to run out
once they catch us,
we will be finished.
You must follow the father
properly, do not let ya off.
You must follow him yes.
you too, do not have to be safe.
we must endure to the end.
hey hold this.
hey, look, look at that.
sorry, excuse me, excuse me
you've worked hard.
do you know where this place is?
Want to meet with shimura? / Yes, yes.
I get a direct mail
to see shimura.
hey, if it's like this it's
not shimura san doing it
but wait a minute yes. hey here.
hey, listen first ..
Wait! wait a minute!
shimura!
I came with my son!
so hee are you all right?
shit!
Wait! wait a minute!
father!
So hee!
So hee, hang on!
do not go anywhere!
wait, wait a minute!
do not you touch that!
all ducked!
do not look, do not look.
keep looking forward.
all ducked. do not face up.
hey, I say do not face up.
What?
nothing else.
hey here nothing strange
hey who's got a
daughter to come here.
sir, sir, i have.
wait a minute, wait a minute.
there may be misunderstandings here.
I'm here to meet someone.
I'm not an ordinary person.
I'm the one who's
officially invited here.
and also this, I get the
certificate directly from shimura
do not you want to see
and know the real thing?
Is it true?
oh my goodness, I guess
korea has only ladies
ka, is this true?
are we going to be safe?
some follow me.
What is this?
she is still a virgin and
still very narrow hole.
he is still good to wear and
actually he can still be polished
wait a minute. wait a minute.
You know this is a genuine rolex watch?
I give it to you free
of charge for gifts.
I'm sure you understand my request
before, I'm bringing a girl,
please ease it.
he is still very small and has
been left dead by his mother.
wherever I know. /
do not lie a lot.
shigeru?
these kids are
really troublesome.
thank you for holding a simple
music show here./ Yeah!
Thank you very much!
my name is lee kang ok.
forgive me, forgive me.
I am chairman of leadership here, I
will be responsible to you guys.
everything will work looking
for pebbles and gems here.
all of which are useful for
building state infrastructure.
so everything has to work hard.
practice right.
we have prepared the
right clothes for you.
if you can get a quality stone,
you can be free from here.
do not try to run away.
who gets caught is about to be killed.
understand?
everything here will be
treated as fairly as possible
everything here should
be able to find gems
Go, hurry!
I do not think this
way we should be.
I think there's something wrong
with that ship's destination
I think we should get
away from here soon
if like this I feel like
being taken hostage
everything here should be
respectful to the Japanese flag
now you are part of our people
so just consider your own hometown
we will not do anything
stupid to you guys
and you will be guaranteed the food
you will stay in the
room already provided
and whatever happens will
be our responsibility
do not complain and keep working
you will we provide food.
you also we are obliged
to pray to God.
we will supply you
with some scriptures
do not feel like we are slaved
everybody kkorea
here is our family
so whatever happens to you
is our responsibility
whatever happens to you
if you want to be free,
try to get a useful stone
after that you will we release
speech with reality
is not the same.
stupid base, japan
everywhere like that
Go, hurry!
work neatly, safely and quickly
so you guys can get out
and safe from here
if you can get better gems
wear the mask!
Hey! my glass is broken!
it's you who dare to yell at me!
stop stupid!
we eat the same, and the same degree.
What are you doing?
What is wrong? shower just noisy!
shower right!
hey little kid
you know
I told you to get out!
everything is listening to me.
everything here is lied
to, so quickly beberes.
everything here is lied to.
I'm sick of that guy.
this guy loves to hit us all
I'm sick of that guy. this
guy loves to hit us all.
if you combine me
with all this then,
I will rebel and kill him
if you combine me
with this all then,
I will rebel and kill him
what I want is not like
this, you know it yourself.
this, you know it yourself
I mean, you're all a jerk
- What are you saying, you
want us all dead? - Stop it!
fun is not it?
where do you live? I just do
not know where you come from
we have some women
belong to them right?
yuka?
It is enough!
What are you doing? everyone is
out and you're busy fighting.
who else wants to
fuss like them?
you mean, now you're
defending this guy?
We will see. we all here
have turned into slaves
from now on I will
not obey the rules
and on the neXT occasion
I will not be told to.
what are you talking about?
Is this what happiness
is called a slave?
respect!
this is the woman we can save
everything is sitting here
spread! spread out you!
you know that you are
very beautiful right?
because you are so beautiful, I
also do not have the heart to you
you can do anything here
Do not be afraid
here there is one little boy, if you
want i can prepare it for you guys.
can you imagine right? her very
little scream is what a packet.
I can feel the aura
of beauty from them
that way you can enjoy it
good
so with this you can touch
them with satisfaction
I prepare them to entertain you
so please enjoy the banquet from
me for your performance so far
hey you want where?
ka, let me do this
for me to survive
Help me..
please let him
me and my dad if combined can cheer
them up if they want. translate ka ..
he and his dad are entertainers, if you
want you can combine them to cheer you up
- Stop that.
I can really cheer you up
he and his father were
famous musicians in korea
my father will be here soon
japanese people, the spirit!
spirit!
Stand All. - Spirit!
Spirit!
spirit!
You've been working in America for a long time
I already understand all
I hear you're good in America too
but he's overpaid. / / even so ..
this time you have to be eXTra careful.
do you remember the island where the
Korean people hostage in our sea by japan?
there america managed to
launch bomb and destroy japan
if we bomb the island, there might
be the only way we can be free
but that way, some
korean people can die
You know that this
is your hardest job?
You know what is most
important than independence?
- You must find and
bring it here.
after that we can be independent
and people can live beautifully
if I think about it
now hiroshima and
nagasaki must be pushed
I hope you are not
afraid of this task.
come here, come here.
You know what we
should do today?
should be done well
without error yes
do not stop smiling and try to
be as friendly as possible.
get ready ..
hey, have you eaten yet?
lazy.
just eat what I give you
who told you not to eat?
fast food.
hey, I'm smuggling this for you
go straight and do not stop
do not stop moving.
damn, just because he beat
me he can replace my post
What are you saying? what do you mean now is
her chair? - do not ask a lot, move fast.
you know once blasted this,
everything will melt and crumble
did not you say it
was just bread?
for me.
wait a minute
what I did was too far
how is it there? / I'm fine!
hey look at me!
so? just keep working!
not only are you hot here
for the welfare and security
of our japanese state
and for the prosperity of
the sale of our produce!
over all the workers
from japan who helped.
toast!
we must take him out.
What is this?
Go, hurry!
quick shelter!
just leave the job, everything
goes out as soon as possible!
Thank you very much
Thank you very much.
how can this happen
a second time ?!
You know this place
has so many gems.
for third place can
still be used right?
he was also devastated
how many victims in second place?
/ about 1100 people.
and some of them are
alive but trapped
everything is careful out!
Let me go! He is my son!
hey, let me go!
so our mining will
be closed again?
we just let that trapped, and
we take again human resources
hey everyone! be careful!
all out of it!
this is the result of research from second place
this time the second mining is being broken
down and soon the island might explode
we must immediately close the
hole and get out of here
hey, work right
Hey, you. what are you up for?
what does it mean they
make us work every night?
you know if they can
not work without us?
this seems like the
right time for a duel
Should not we go back?
hey, are we going to be buried here alive? - I do not
know, but we should try to get out as soon as possible
What do you mean?
I know. / What?
we can think of another
way to get out of here
no time to think right?
if we are buried here, the whole
world will not know if we die
hey, I have something
that can be detonated
hey, I think this is a hot
spring that we can not break
if we force, water will
come in and we will drown
why did you break it down?
I understand-I understand
in a minute! / continue!
continue! continue!
Pull!
if you can not fix the mines the two
governments will not pay you down
I will not let the island crumble
like hiroshima and nagasaki
I will try hard to
keep the island safe.
save our citizens and
leave the workers
You think we're there to save human lives?
no, for a profit
I will try to protect
her as much as possible
do you know if mine sales
this month increase more?
then with that I will increase the
worker for the results we get better.
korean girl is pretty, I like
yes.
waiting until a little
mature might be more fun
there is still a living left right?
Get out of you! Exit!
today is the day of our resurrection
we must celebrate with semangta.
if you want to do
it, do it well.
do not just sit back
and say strange things
everything is great!
Where are you going?
hey, if you leave this then you will
not be regarded again as chairman
Hey.
this guy is crazy! help me!
just shut up!
what's your problem?
just follow me!
hey stop, she's a woman!
do you mean you used to be a Japanese
spy pretending to infiltrate America?
you also know if this is a danger however
I think by doing
this we can be saved
if we are here continuously
with caution nobody will know
after that, we can attack
okinawa using the american plan
then how is the plan?
you know if it is your fault right
I know. but if we do not try it maybe I do not
think there will be a history of korean victory
I could not believe you
with this teacher know what to do
when will we start?
I go first
just sit
I said just sit down.
anyway why not
You think by saving me you
can make me like you?
you are crazy
if I wanted to, I
could just do it
they're assholes. sucks
first I thought I would not
end up in something like this
what is it, maybe at this moment I
have entered saturated point apda?
whore. Here are just a lot of women
who commit suicide because of them
sometimes even I do not
understand why to do it.
once they free us and
treats us fairly I'm sure
we and they can cooperate with
if we do not want to serve them,
they will surely torture us
everyone knows what
they should do
once not followed, everyone knows
that they will die that day
ah, so like this japanese man.
sometimes I think I should
run away or die here
it hurts when there are
others who do not respect us
it seems to me a bit strange if
I'm not angry and rebellious
I was glad to have done it
stop dreaming
the important thing can be life, that's all.
no one knows the bitterness came
You can only draw like this?
this drawing needs hard imagination loh
until my stomach ache thinking about it
you paying me with something like this?
I told you not to do strange things.
but still can not be this way
Sir, ask for a cigarette
You know that getting a cigarette is hard right?
I've worked hard and you did not give
me a bit. - Are you working hard?
if it is yes continue to work alone
wait! Wait. I'll
finish it any minute
use this to get a cigarette.
Are you okay?
soo hee!
Why? Why? my goodness./ I'm hurt
wait a minute, please..
odor
I love your son
yamamura likes his
pleasant character
we should do it immediately
- I'm curious too
how can you get
such a sweet girl
how can such a girl really love
and think of you as her father
from now on yamamura
will be my child and my master.
or I will kill him as soon as possible
You have to choose right away
What did you say?
they'll keep an eye on us. /
what do you think I'll do?
this
I hope you succeed
Of course
what is happening right
now I know for sure
what I have said is true
I'm not a person you can fool
instead of a plan like this
will be a lot of mistakes?
not so./ i will do it
Is it true?
you know soju?
whatever you do we must do
You think running away from this
place is as easy as turning a hand?
know no why are they
holding us here?
do not like to dream
any way we should do
you know the plan will
not work stupid basis
do you know what we should do?
I'll get you out of here too
maybe we can use this plan
if you do not succeed,
then you will be killed
What are you doing?
why do you like to get
together like that?
Where are you going?
you yourself know and realize
that we are good people right?
so you ya the guy?
how can you here?
I do not like them
they are just strange slaves
You stupid!
You know if I and he do like it
come on
thank you
Try to be so and we
must get away soon
if it works you me and my
son we can all go together
You're this .. / Do this plan there
must be a determined determination
You know if what we've done
is going into big plans
whoever succeeds or is killed,
are all at equal risk
you are the same
this is too dangerous.
but I will do it
fast!
Where is he?
fast exchange position
hey ready to prepare
wherever we go you have to get ready
never be careless and keep focused
we should look normal
after that we must prepare
we should also look casual
do not say that
Thank you very much
I'm sure you need a break
Yes thank you
What are you doing here?
take pains to serve them
I just want to do it
then? / that ..
you know our plan
you do it alone
but I will help
yes god...
you know I'm easy
to get that stuff
you know I'm good at it.
stop it
correct washing
my goodness this ornag...
thanks for helping my soo hee
what do you have?
why your face so?
Hey
I'm doing good to ahjumma here
father can not protect you here,
only ahjumma here can do it
Can not I just work
with my father?
Why? are you bored here?
No, I just do not have friends
onni also do not want to be friends with me.
they are all busy with their respective worlds
basic evil org2
so I suggest that
you do not do that.
what's wrong with your face?
you know not daddy hard to get food and
trying to bribe ahjumma here just for you.
why daddy scold me?
ah never mind, I do not
understand what else to say
Anyway you have to be patient here so then you can
go with father from here together. understand?
play well./ well!
Thank you very much
plans have accumulated up to 70°/°
we have to recruit it too
hey, hey.
what's wrong? / come with me.
I'll show you something
Why? does not work?
this key really
some are trying to break it down
are you doing this all for
the sake of this paper?
what else do you need in
this world besides that?
I know, but doing so
far I guess excessive
is not it true that
I want to kill you?
and I also will not make
yourself complicated
they really work fast
the war is about to begin
perngitana, danger. warning danger.
expected all residents
to occupy their homes
second warning. it is expected that the
entire population will occupy their homes
now is the time
what else will happen to us?
I get this really hard, I think
it's good if I give it to you
want to try?
come on.
Sir..
time to take medicine.
Sir?
soo hee!
what?
yamamura?
I understand I understand
where is soo hee?
quickly find him
Quickly tell Soo Hee to come out and meet me
where have you been?
hah?
He disappeares
to me, I will respect you
but instead we will go where?
at this moment, wherever
the goal is not important
an important teacher survived
I managed to open the safe
and get the important files
so with this I think it will make it
easier for us to get away from here soon
I know if he does a lot
of corruption everywhere
is that enough?
I know if he does a lot of
corruption, but I think
he's killed somebody, too. - the incident was
covered up because he had not taken office then
but this evidence can knock it down
so far, I do not even
think it will be this way
and also the teacher
knows I'm not kidding
Who are you so?
I never once doubted you
then why is your name on this list?
try deh thinking
what teachers think we support
you do not know your tricks?
at that moment I thought, you are my friend
he is the one sought everywhere
I have to catch him anyway
can you trust me?
Just stop it here
do I look easy on you?
/ Park Moo Young!
do you know how many orgs
if you try to do it?
from now on I will not
be afraid of you anymore
You think I can not kill you, you're wrong.
- If you kill me then what? do it!
do you think I did it
without thinking first?
Why?
I'm guessing
which I guess is right now
that you are the one who planned it all
do you think I am
doing this to you?
from now on ..
will die before you
are you still busy fussing
when we want to escape?
You think I'm stupid? I can just kill you.
- stay there!
from now on listen to my words
from now on japan will not
catch any more korean org
but he's after the little boy, your son./
do not change the subject or I kill you.
What do you mean?
soo hee dad will protect you, if anything
happens you just leave ya and leave father ya
do not talk nonsense
you two are really
so how long does this end?
father!
soo hee no what
quiet, calm
why do you interfere?
lower your weapons
are you going to do it too?
are you okay?
everything here is not aware./
release my son do not hurt him.
now you are starting to plan something
just shut up you bastard
take this
what's the matter with you? - silence!
hey grandfather old
you are the same as them
people are suffering because
you are not budging
you shut up then you survived
I really will not forgive you
Goddamn it!
get out fast !!
quickly remove us!
hey wait for us!
Get us out.
get up ! get up!!
he is died
free! free!
do not move!
I am indeed..
Sir!
Are you okay?
Is anyone hurt?
- How are you? - I'm fine.
we gotta get out of here / you're right./
do not think about the others first
I will try to help you out
and you also have to accept it
Sir
I'm up to the end will
continue to be on the side-
help me!
Help me!
my goodness sir
You are okay? /
are you okay sir?
hey, hey.
what kang woo killed?
we do not know which kang woo is
because their faces are all broken
father did not know what it was
why did you give me a beer?
free our country!
is everything all right?
Do not you know what the hell
is going on outside now ?!
everything here is
also being cleaned up
Are you cleaning up?
we are cornered and the workers become more daring.
we must escape if we will not be killed
and again after what we
do with their women.
they must be grudge with us
we..
What to do?
what we do is run away and
go quietly from this island
so maybe we can still
drown this island
so you and the government
plan to sink this island?
because there is no other
choice, so this is the best way
Is not it?
we should see shimura first
shimura might help
free our country!
here you are. bitch.
it's all ruined by you!
badly injured huh?
burn all the bodies found
lest there be anything left.
when did you become
so cruel to us?
when have we ever defied you?
Why are you so mean to us!?!
after the fire and shimura died, we
more easily acquire the government
wear this shirt first
if your wound is dry bandage only.
that's all I can do
everything is according to plan?
his son shimura also sudha we kill
well understood
nothing else left
soo hee
you live? - Of course we live
we finally get to meet and talk
me and soo hee too
difficult to survive here
Here, look at this
are you eating this?
let's go
but we do not know where it is
What? then my money?
all?
what is important? the most
important thing now we are alive
Geez. at least now we
can all come together
thank you for coming.
nothing else can enslave us.
see if he is in charge.
whether to fall
victim to many more?
what to do if it will
fall victim again?
there is no.
what happens is the opposite
What do you mean? why are you like this ?!
keep quiet and calm yourself
I really miss playing
on stage with my dad
what was your life with
father so much fun?
everyone said the food
at the party was good
yes, let's eat roast beef
after that live happily
why should say
something impossible
udahlah already.
like a fool
if you go with your uncle right now,
you'll have uncle to buy roast beef
will it happen?
Of course
so soo hee should
help father and uncle
but now, soo hee
should help uncle
can you help uncle right?
do you think with this all
the problems will be solved?
you were involved with him.
I used to help you do it
do you think so
you will survive?
do you have any other plans after this?
what's happening to me now is more
than what happened to him first
I know what to do
which is important no more
rebellion when my plan goes
You mean rebellion?
what would you do if
that happened again?
when it is clear the proof is here
it's the same as a bomb on nagasaki first
and I'll probably do it
with a few other tricks
so what are we going to do /
/ we just drown this island
after that we fled and
ducked into japan
where did he put it?
You know I'm doing this
to talk to you well
stay bebricara ''sorry sir, I'm wrong.''
like that and you will release me
and just admit that you
always lose with me
You stupid
You could die if you
did not follow me
or call me hyung deh
until matipun, even though
you managed to get my body
I will not say it. and you
will chase me to death
you bastard
everything must move forward
everything should never stop working
yamada makes shimura die and he wants
to make all the workers here dead
women included
children too
I ask you for help
if me and soo hee
do not go from here
at least, let my
son go from here
just soo hee might
be easier for you
I'll help
I'll get everyone out of here
everything here
should work regularly
you must obey and not rebel for good
results and you can go home immediately
so from now on I hope
everyone can trust each other
understand all?
and when you hear
the gossip here
never trust and ask me first
during which time you will be safe
and everything will be stable
otherwise everything will die
we must try to build
this mine again
we must immediately
build our country agi
once again i say ..
We certainly can
do not forget to continue
to give thanks to god
if you are grateful then the result will
be good everything will run smoothly
what if we do this together? /
I refuse
nothing is true of his words
everything is dead
you are all lied to by him. the
real yamada was killed by him
do not joke what
I'm doing is right
yesterday the bomb
dropped was an american.
he is the one who told the Americans to
drop the bomb and kill half of our brothers
he is lying and trying
to break us down.
do you want to be in a
sheep like that by him?
if not, for what he heard his speech that even
he himself killed his loyal subordinates to him
everything is fine.
your asshole
You think we do not know your tricks?
everything look well
what you see today
is a fake guise
but .. geez i have to say this
he did not hesitate to kill his
caring and loyal subordinates
and this, you can all
read all the reports here
everything is dead and everything
is lying, it's all your fault!
this guy tried to slander me
all here if you can
prove it./ right!
if he can not prove it means
he is trying to crack us
Wait!
what you guys should
do is do it again.
why do you guys always slander
an innocent person? / I see it
now only you can kill me
I said I saw it
You killed that
man I saw him too
This time I can not stop it again
Let's talk fine we can solve it./
down if you can prove it
if I show this I can
be told lie too?
this is your shirt torn by him
when begging not to be shot.
all of them do not
affect it./ I see it too
grandfather is a bad person
it seems that many
people see his crime
I think we should check it out
my goodness was true
why do you do that to us?
everything is silent!
if you want, follow me, if not leave.
/ why you say that easy
Am I wrong to protect all of you?
/ You do it for money
what you do has killed
half the population
do not believe him
Please stop here./
I'll explain first
watch out. you have to trust me
nothing else can protect you
you have to believe before-
then what should we do?
what about membnuh him
we can go from here?
everything should work
with me this time.
if you want, I'll help
you get out of here
what would you do?
where is that person?
Are we really going to go?
is not it strange if we
suddenly leave here?
if you do not want to
go ya do not have to go
anyways we bring more than 100 people
How to?
we go with the war
with that, we have to
carry bombs to keep watch
and I'm also a bit confused actually
we have to accept something too
a lot of japanese people here
is not the Japanese
man easily fooled?
stop saying that, and
just follow the rules
what is happening today should
bring us to a better one
You know not if we've had
trouble here all this time?
if you do not want to come ya already do
not join. / who you can talk like that?
You know who I am?
who do you think is overdone here?
after all we will definitely go right?
we will definitely escape.
what father are we just leaving?
you talk a lot
not you guys who want to go
do you think this way we can go?
I also want to live. let's
find our own way out
wait a minute
I also went
without us you can not do it
onni, if we come we
could have been killed
we should try it because
it's our only hope
do you want to get killed?
Sorry!
I want to come too.
Is that what you say?
You have to look for it yourself.
we have to go away
we do not have time anymore,
I do not want to go
You're crazy huh
Are you crazy? -You are the one who
makes us noisy so ya kuikat only
until here you just menggaggu
and I will not bother you again
Watch Out
it looks like they do not see us. /
what if they see us?
what if it happens?
be careful
hyungnim
You come
our hyungnim will help you,
then let's get out of here
from here we will start the plan
from now on I hope you
guys are more alert
the first one we miss is
women, children and parents
then only the men. please be careful because
we will pass a fairly heavy current
bombs are needed to destroy them
make as much as possible
the more the better
use tatami to hold bullets.
use the rope so we can cross
grab gasoline as much as
possible from their ships
beware when mngambil petrol
what I've been working
on I hope to work well
others, I hope to protect
our working friends
That is all
Do not like that
why are you hitting me? aish!
why are you here?
I think the preparation is right.
do not be like this, let's go together
You think together can
live together too?
do you want us together but
one of us died up in busan?
then do you want to
just follow this plan?
You too are injured
if you die, then I too will die!
hey, do not they eat dinner?
why are not they sleeping?
who? -this is me!
it's me, I'm me! / what are you
doing there for? Come here quickly
I want to take you to dinner
what are you doing fast here
yamada, you've been good with me
so I'll give you the best drink
this is the most delicious drink
Is it true? may i
try it right away?
Of course. we have
to party together
yamada might be happy
with the drink this time
I know you will do this.
sitting. Please, sit..
first we send is a woman first
You feel there is something strange not? whether
some guards are getting fewer days huh?
is this a bad sign?
we can peek and find the answer here
we can know why they disappeared
the rising wanitadulu
I have to bring my son.
my son is a woman loh
You are not ashamed of them all
yes already let my soo hee up first
you can follow me right?
do not be afraid I'm under
do not worry.
I'm fine here
slowly follow me yes
slowly .. slowly .. slowly ..
we should slowly ..
no need to cry
the wind blows and calms my mind
there's nothing to worry about
nothing to rant about
this sense will we both feel
all the fun will
be felt afterwards
the workers are running away!
everything is ready!
I thought we were caught
we will be together,
but you must go first.
I will promise
you also have to be together
Fire! Labor blur!
Fire! Labor blur! fire!
see above, see above!
All! get ready to shoot!
fast entry!
Really a war anyway?
who dare to fight
me I will kill!
fucking japanese!
soo hee wake up!
do not go anywhere here!
who is fighting just kill it!
back off! back off!
Let us go home!
fast open!
let's go home soo hee!
Let us go home!
soo hee what are you doing?
stop and sit down.
all put it on the bridge!
everything must be together!
all jerk! Die you!
just sit here.
Do not go anywhere
follow me!
Open!
throw!
bullet content! bullet abis!
get ready to shoot!
you are brash!
what is our fault ?!
enter into!
enter into! danger here!
Push!
Die you!
Come here quickly!
start ya! start!
Push!
soo hee are you where ?!
father!
Hey!
dead you all!
dead you all
can not keep my
promise, I'm sorry
rest
you die! you're dead too!
slaughter everything
until nothing is left!
how is this? - do not know!
how? / fast way!
Hey!
yamamura!
soo hee stay there for a while
I killed your son!
I kill all!
I kill all without running out!
everything is done!
we are free!
free!
everything is dead
this is all because of us all
meredeka korea!
dad's not dead soo hee
stop crying
cup
be soo hee
I told you from the beginning
what will happen after we are free
that seems to be everyone's hope
keep my soo hee ..
I'm sorry dad never
gave you anything
sick .. my stomach hurt so bad
do not like to sort out food
You must grow well
father..
father .. do not die ..
Do not leave me..